Phase Separation Science App Support

The Phase Separation Science (PSS) app is intended for new and existing clients of PSS. 

Begin by opening the app on your home screen and selecting from 3 options: Schedule a Pickup, Order TO-15 Air Equipment (Coming Soon), or Resources.



Resources

This module is intended to provide clients with quick links and buttons to interact with Phase in various ways. From this resources screen you can get directions, 
call us, or send us a message. You can also view an ‘About’ screen to read about our business or see photos. Finally, there is a Videos link which keeps the user
in the App but provides a link to our YouTube channel which contains a variety of helpful videos. 



Schedule a Pickup

This module is intended for clients in the field or in the office to schedule sample pickups on site. Begin by selecting your pickup date using the iOS Calendar Feature. 

If you are dropping off your sample yourself, Select client drop-off and type in your estimated arrival time.

If you would like your samples pickup up by our courier, Trans Time Express, simply toggle the “Schedule” option and complete the fields according to your needs.
If your pickup date and time meets certain credentials, you may be met with a pop up indicating rush fees.

Use the + and - buttons to indicate the number of coolers you have, and then complete the personal information fields below. When finished, click the Proceed to Tests Button.



Tests

Modules that educate new and existing clients on what type of testing we do and which tests are applicable to different Environmental Site Assessments are in the works. 
At this time, clients are usually in tune with their needs, and selecting the tests are straightforward for an experienced client.

Simply select your Matrix and the test selection screen will adjust accordingly. You may be met with pop ups upon selection to indicate conflicts or important alerts.

Select your sample quantity and then toggle each test that is applicable to this matrix. You will select one matrix at a time for clarity.

Many tests have subgroups. They are indicated by an ellipsis ( . . . ) When these tests are selected, one may need to specify further, and there are clear options for doing so.

When you are finished, there is a section for custom notes. Custom notes are important as many projects are very specific. The more specific you are, the better we can serve you.

Your turnaround time selection thereafter will apply to the entire pickup.

If you have another matrix, select ‘I have another matrix’ and proceed to an identical test selection screen. If you are finished, click “I’m Finished”


PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS APP IS NOT A REPLACEMENT FOR YOUR REQUIRED CHAIN OF CUSTODY. 
THE APP IS INTENDED SOLELY TO HANDLE TO LOGISTICS OF SCHEDULING A PICKUP.
THANK YOU.


2024, Phase Separation Science Inc.
